OCP 4.18 IPI deployment on 4 new data centers of PowerVS (#86089)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-configuration-parameters.adoc

    sysType:
|The SysType defines the system type for the instance.

> |The system type must be either `e980` or `s922`.

Reviewer: Add those to the list above and mention that sys type availability is tied to the zone you're using

> |The system type must be either `e980` or `s922`.

Reviewer 2: Alisha, we can add the above note that says the system types available depend on the zone.

> mention that sys type availability is tied to the zone you're using

  powervs:
    sysType:
|The SysType defines the system type for the instance.
|The system type must be either `e980`, `s922`, `e1080` or `s1022`. The available system types will depend on the zone being targeted.

|platform:
  powervs:
    tgName:

> |The tgName is the name of an existing Transit Gateway.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Defines the name of an existing Transit Gateway.
```

Logically **tgName** would be in back ticks. **But** after looking at the whole table, I think line no 746 onward descriptions need updating to maintain the parallelism throughout the table. See the following suggested changes:

```
Specifies the ID of the Power IAAS instance created from the IBM Cloud® Catalog.

Specifies a pre-created IBM Power® Virtual Server boot image that overrides the default image for cluster nodes.

Specifies the default configuration used when installing on IBM Power® Virtual Server for machine pools that do not define their own platform configuration.

Specifies the size of the memory of a virtual machine, in GB.

Defines the processor sharing model for the instance.

Defines the processing units for the instance.

Defines the system type for the instance.

```
